[Autogenerated] I've talked enough about EC two now and I feel
like I've been hyping you up for it all course.
So let's dive in and finally create our own instance
to install our application on.
Let's do something a little different now we will likely
be going to the Ec two dashboard often.
So let's set it up as a favorite.
Click on the services menu in the top left on the left hand side of this
drop-down you'll see an empty section for favorites.
This is where all your favorites will be.
Now, if you mouse over any of the services in the list,
you'll see an empty star appears next to the service by clicking on the Star.
You will favorite that service,
Find EC two in this list and click the star next to it.
Now E C two is set up as a favorite,
click on the logo in the favorites menu and you'll
be taken to the Ec two dashboard.
Now we're going to create our first ec two instance,
click the launch instance button and the launch wizard will begin.
We need to choose an image for this instance on the left.
You can see the different sections for images that I mentioned before.
For instance, the AWS marketplace,
we will select this amazon Linux to image from the quick start section,
click select next to it.
Now we need to choose the instance type for our image since
we're sticking to the free tier in this course.
We only really have one option and that's the T two micro instance with one
CPU one gig of RAM and low to moderate network performance,
click next in the bottom.
Right now we have a lot more options.
We'll just go with one instance for the time being as we'll be
setting up our auto scaling groups later for network.
If our Pizza VPC isn't already selected,
selected here, pick either one of your subnets,
whichever doesn't matter, we don't need a public IP will assign one later.
So just use disable for auto assign public IP we will avoid setting and I am
rule for this instance for now although it is a suggested way for handling
application credentials in the next section,
you can just leave the defaults.
Now click next The Wizard automatically configures the instance
with an eight gigabyte elastic block store volume,
which is fine.
We can add a name tag to this instance to better
differentiate it in the instance list,
let's name it Pizza O G for original gangster.
Now click next here, we will define the main security group for our instance,
let's create a new security group and name it Pizza E C two S G.
We can give it a description as well.
Security group for Pizza Lovers ec.
Two instances for the rules,
you'll see that there is already one rule exposing the instance to ssh
sessions from anywhere you can leave this for now.
Once an application goes into production you would want to
either completely close off SSH access or restricted to a
single IP such as your own.
Let's add another rule to our security group, click add role.
We want to open the port that our application will be running on, which is 3000.
So leave the drop-down as custom TCP rule In the port range,
enter 3000 and in the source, drop down select anywhere.
Now we've got a security group that will let us SSH into our instance
and also one that will let us access our application,
click review and launch and now click launch this last window wants us
to select or create a key pair with our instance.
This is very important since we need this key pair to SSH and to the instance,
select create a new key pair and name the key pair is something like pizza keys.
Now click download, keep hair and it will download a PIM file,
store this somewhere, you won't delete it now click launch instances.
This next step will take some time as the instance,
launches and starts up and everything.
In the meantime, let's install local dependencies for our demo application,
get it running locally and then get ready to ssh into the instance so that we can deploy it